feat(docs): add warning about autoscaler disabling on container size change (#3471)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/app/scaling/2000-01-01-scalingo-autoscaler.md

When disabling an Autoscaler, the platform does not scale-in. The number of
running containers remains the same.

{% warning %}

> [Scaling up](#vertical-scaling) or [scaling down](#vertical-scaling) an application **disables** any [Scalingo Autoscaler] enabled for the corresponding process type.

Reviewer: The links need to be fixed here:

```suggestion
[Scaling up][scaling-v] or [scaling down][scaling-v] an application **disables** any [Scalingo Autoscaler](#understanding-the-autoscaler) enabled for the corresponding process type.
```

When disabling an Autoscaler, the platform does not scale-in. The number of
running containers remains the same.

{% warning %}
Changing the [**container size**]({% post_url platform/app/scaling/2000-01-01-scaling %}#vertical-scaling)
of an application that has the **autoscaler** turned on will **disable** it for

> the corresponding process type.

Reviewer: I'd like we stay consistant with the vocabulary used in other documentation pages. Hence, I'd suggest the following wording:

```suggestion
[Scaling up](#vertical-scaling) or [scaling down](#vertical-scaling) an application **disables** any [Scalingo Autoscaler] enabled for the corresponding process type.
```

With the following links definitions at the end of the file:

```suggestion
[Scalingo Autoscaler]: {% post_url platform/app/scaling/2000-01-01-scalingo-autoscaler %}
```

Author: Nice suggestions, done in: https://github.com/Scalingo/documentation/pull/3471/commits/6e8dcb3531f4240c16911ff426afdcaa3ab76231
